fix(recipes): Allow `undefined` for variants (#1443)
vanilla-extract-css/vanilla-extract: .changeset/tame-suits-refuse.md

---
'@vanilla-extract/recipes': patch
---

> Allow passing `undefined` for variants to runtime functions
> when TypeScript's `exactOptionalPropertyTypes` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable passing `undefined` variant values to recipe functions when TypeScript's `exactOptionalPropertyTypes` is enabled.
```
